We need to clear out the house.
Grandpa loved that place.
Yes, and we are going to
honor him with a grief collective.
A grief collective?
I am seeing a
semi-multimedia visual manifesto of our loss.
What does loss look like?
Is it just tears? A headstone?
Wilting gladioli?
No, we need to unpack the art of sorrow!
Yeah, that sounds really dramatic.
I can't go.
I'm our school rep for our
student environmental conference next week.
Presenting our
demands on climate change action.
I spoke with the
principal and they cleared it.
She actually thinks
it's a really good idea.
Well, I guess when you
donate an entire art center,
the principal becomes
your little puppet on a string.
Well, you're free
to reject your inheritance
when you're living
high off a tree hugger's salary.
What?
No, no.
Jesus, people already
know that Lydia Deetz is my mom.